This is Void Transcribe.

The problem: When I stream, I record the video locally. These are 4 hour+ streams, so it can be 8+ gigs large mp4 files. This is a pain in the butt to send to a cloud service, and trimming this huge video is a pain from scratch.

The solution: Transcribe the video locally, and use the transcript to find the parts I want to clip and trim.

How it works: It downloads a local, offline model to transcribe a video provided.

It was initially generated by Gemini's Antigravity (AI), but I am a programmer, and I'm actively auditing the code and improving it by hand.

It is also open source, meaning others are free to PR in fixes and we can improve the code over time.

It is built to be a small package to install at start.

Once run, it will inform you of any missing dependencies. It's hard to guess the final size, but if I had to guess, it will be roughly 6 gigs of additional files needed. Once installed, however, it will cache and never need to download any other files. (6 gigs include CUDA drivers, model, python deps, etc)

When it finishes transcribing, it saves a .txt file by the .mp4 it targets, in this style:
```
[00:01:00:00] Okay, we are now started, I think.
[00:01:07:00] Is everything good?
[00:01:09:00] Just double check in here.
[00:01:15:00] Why does this not show...
[00:01:20:00] There.
[00:01:23:00] Maybe. Maybe not.
```

This is great for scanning through manually, or tossing into an AI with a prompt to help you find highlight reels. Can also CTRL+F keywords like "clip" and basically verbal note mark points of a file.

Example prompt I've used:
```
Analyze this transcript and try to figure out timecode ranges that are something highlight-youtube short worthy,

Find as many as you can.

no limit, just get any highlights

Refer to timecodes on sections with HH:MM:SS:FF style similar to original text.
```

This timecode format can be copied to my clipboard, and in Davinci Resolve, in trim mode, I can double click the Timecode and paste it to jump to that location. Then I can create a clip, trim it down, and speed up my workflow to make highlight clips.

It was tested on an NVIDIA RTX 2060 SUPER and it is recommended to use a GPU with at least 4 gigs of VRAM (Distil-Large v3 requires 3.0 GB of usable RAM), but you can lower the Target Model in settings to get all the way down to 1.5 GB VRAM (this means 2 GB VRAM machines can work, just degrades the quality of the transcript)

It also uses CUDA drivers, so NVIDIA cards are highly recommended. If you don't mind it taking a very long time, however, you can go to Settings, Inference Device and change from default of GPU to CPU and it will work most machines, albeit much slower.


## SendTo Menu

In settings, there is an optional Send To feature. This just makes a shortcut to the program. Once installed, you can right click a video and click Send To -> VoidTranscribe, and it will open the program with that video loaded. This is a nice shortcut to avoid having to open the program and then browse to the file.



# Development

If you aren't a developer, you can stop here. Below is how to clone the repository and run it locally for development.

## Live Development

To run in live development mode, run `wails dev` in the project directory. This will run a Vite development
server that will provide very fast hot reload of your frontend changes. If you want to develop in a browser
and have access to your Go methods, there is also a dev server that runs on http://localhost:34115. Connect
to this in your browser, and you can call your Go code from devtools.

## Building

To build a redistributable, production mode package, use `wails build`.
